savedUsername = Shatter
savedPassword = xplosiv2
rememberMe = true
hitsplatRevision = 474
cameraSpeed = SLOW
worldGraphicsMode = LOW
fog = OFF BLACK
loop = false
autoMusic = true
noClip = false
clientData = false
osrsXpOrbMiddle = false
useOldWildernessInterface = true
smoothMiniMap = true
smoothShadow = false
tweening = false
newCompass = false
smoothCharacterTurn = false
hdFloorTexturing = false
x10Damage = false
is498GameFrame = false
is508PlusGameFrame = false
is562PlusGameFrame = false
newClick = false
nameAbove = false
filtered = false
newFont = false
is474PlusGameFrame = true
enableRoof = false
disableSummoningOrb = true
smoothShading = true
is474GameFrame = true
is525GameFrame = false
is562GameFrame = false
newHitPointsBar = false
contextMenu = OLD
experienceOrb = true
fpsOn = false
volume = 4
CameraPos2 = 1080
isCursor = 0
brightness = 4
musicVolume = 0
showQuestionMark = false
old562GameFrame = false
inventoryLayout = LANDSCAPE
hideInventoryInterface = false
